It is never to late to become what you never were.
The revolution will come when hackers meet political activists...
The planet is not dying, it is being killed. And those killing it have names and addresses.
"From each according to their ability, to each according to their need." - Karl Marx
The future will only contain what we put into it now.
Commute, work, commute, sleep...
Practice wishful thinking.
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and the human stupidity, and im not to sure about the former" - Albert Einstein
"All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing" - Maurice Maeterlinck
"Buddha says, "Know your forms of linux: Mandrake, SUSE, Linspire, Xandros, Lycoris, MEPIS, Fedora Core, and Ubuntu"
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication
Be nice to nerds, you will probably end up working for them - Bill Gates
"It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education." -Albert Einstein
Information wants to be free.
When they discover the center of the universe, a lot of people will be disappointed to discover they are not it.
"Being able to break security doesnt make you a hacker anymore than being able to hotwire cars makes you an automotive engineer." -Eric Raymond
"One who annoys you, has conquered you - xenoix "
"If you want to make peace, you don't talk to your friends, you talk to your enemies." -- Moshe Dayan
"Yes, our regulatory agencies are incompetent. But they are incompetent by design." --writer David Goldstein
"The greatest power of the mass media is the power to ignore. The worst thing about this power is that you may not even know you're using it." --Sam Smith
"We don't need people who can spit back facts. We've got Google." --Professor Roberta Golinkoff
"Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math."
“Fanaticism consists in redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.”
There are only two hard problems in computer science: cache invalidation and naming things. - Phil Karlton
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. 
We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them. 
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new. 
When the student is ready the teacher will appear. When the student is truly ready, the teacher will disappear. — Lao Tzu
Inevitability Thinking is thinking and acting as if what you are doing is a forgone conclusion because you set up the conditions for it to happen. — Eban Pagan
“When performance is measured, performance improves. When performance is measured and reported, the rate of improvement accelerates.” — Thomas S. Monson
